com/example/cardio_diagnostics/ui/activities/SplashScreenActivity.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.ui.activities.SplashScreenActivity
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/databinding/ItemTaskHolderBinding.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.databinding.ItemTaskHolderBinding
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/cfg/Constants.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.cfg.Constants
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/utils/recyclerview/DividerDecoration.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.utils.recyclerview.DividerDecoration
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/beans/UserClass.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.beans.UserClass
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.beans.UserClass$1
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/ui/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.ui.activities.MainActivity
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/components/alert_dialog/Rotate3dAnimation.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.Rotate3dAnimation
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.Rotate3dAnimation$Description
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/vholders/HorizontalPlaceHolderView.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.vholders.HorizontalPlaceHolderView
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/utils/Methods.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.utils.Methods
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/managers/SharedPreferencesManager.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.managers.SharedPreferencesManager
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/components/alert_dialog/SuccessTickView.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.SuccessTickView
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.SuccessTickView$1
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/utils/Dialogs.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.utils.Dialogs
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.utils.Dialogs$1
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.utils.Dialogs$2
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.utils.Dialogs$3
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/utils/recyclerview/DividerItemDecoratorNoLast.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.utils.recyclerview.DividerItemDecoratorNoLast
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.BuildConfig
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/beans/TaskClass.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.beans.TaskClass
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.beans.TaskClass$1
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/ui/activities/VideoPDFActivity.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.ui.activities.VideoPDFActivity
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.ui.activities.VideoPDFActivity$1
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/ui/fragments/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.ui.fragments.HomeFragment
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.ui.fragments.HomeFragment$1
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/utils/LogUtils.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.utils.LogUtils
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/beans/BitmapTransform.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.beans.BitmapTransform
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/components/alert_dialog/CustomAlertDialog.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.CustomAlertDialog
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/components/CustomButton.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.CustomButton
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/managers/FavoritesManager.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.managers.FavoritesManager
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/components/alert_dialog/ProgressHelper.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.ProgressHelper
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/vholders/ItemTaskView.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.vholders.ItemTaskView
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.vholders.ItemTaskView$1
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/listeners/OnClickAlertListener.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.listeners.OnClickAlertListener
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/interfaces/GeneralCall.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.interfaces.GeneralCall
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/beans/TaskItem.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.beans.TaskItem
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.beans.TaskItem$1
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/interfaces/ParentCallback.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.interfaces.ParentCallback
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/databinding/ActivityVideoPlayerBinding.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.databinding.ActivityVideoPlayerBinding
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/components/alert_dialog/OptAnimationLoader.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.OptAnimationLoader
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/utils/placeHolderView/PHV.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.utils.placeHolderView.PHV
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/components/CustomEditText.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.CustomEditText
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.CustomEditText$1
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/databinding/ProgressDialogBinding.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.databinding.ProgressDialogBinding
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/utils/IntentHelper.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.utils.IntentHelper
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/databinding/ItemHorizontalPlaceholderViewBinding.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.databinding.ItemHorizontalPlaceholderViewBinding
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/components/alert_dialog/ProgressWheel.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.ProgressWheel
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.ProgressWheel$1
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.ProgressWheel$ProgressCallback
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.ProgressWheel$WheelSavedState
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.components.alert_dialog.ProgressWheel$WheelSavedState$1
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/App.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.App
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/databinding/CustomEditTextBinding.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.databinding.CustomEditTextBinding
com/example/cardio_diagnostics/listeners/OnItemClickListener.java
 com.example.cardio_diagnostics.listeners.OnItemClickListener
